# Corner-Grocer
This is a console application using C++, that imports a text file named “CS210_Project_Three_Input_File.txt” and reads the data in the text file. With that data, a menu with four options is created to read and display that data in the different options that the user chooses. These four options are to search an item and display the frequency amount of that specific item in the text file, display and prints each item’s name and its frequency count, print a histogram of that item’s frequencies, and exit the program. For this project, I did particularly well in implementing my code to be short and precise by creating many functions that handles each task, like displaying the menu and printing each item's name and frequency count based on user selection. I feel that in order to enhance my code or project, I would implement a separate text file storing data from what the user inputted and this way I can have a more fledged out console application that a user can really manipulate and play around with the data that pertains to their selection throughout the process. The pieces of code I felt was hard to implement at first was reading the data file correctly as I had some errors searching for an item because my code was not reading the data correctly. The resources that helped me was just looking back on my previous projects and through zybooks to get make sure I get the syntax correct. The skills that are transferrable from this project is definitely reading data and being able to manipulate them such as having asterisks for frequency count. I feel that is really transferrable because many projects onward will have a lot of data and being able to iterate through those data and manipulate them is really important to being a successful developer. I made this program maintainable and adaptable by creating functions to handle each task and using the main function to start the initial program and then everything else is handled through the menu options from the user. The code is really readable and adaptable, because since each functiom handles its own menu option, you can really implement new options easily by populating it into the menu options and calling that function. It can be made with more menu options and be more fledged out because each code is written to make the application easier to maintain. Each code has its own comment and allows for easier understanding of how the code works.
 
 
	
